Update Mtls details for customizing config (#119097)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-monitor/containers/prometheus-metrics-scrape-configuration.md

  regex: '.+'
```

### TLS based scraping

If you have a Prometheus instance served with TLS and you want to scrape metrics from it, you need to set scheme to `https` and set the TLS settings in your configmap or respective CRD. You can use the `tls_config` configuration property inside a custom scrape job to configure the TLS settings either using a CRD or a configmap. You need to provide a CA certificate to validate API server certificate with. The CA certificate is used to verify the authenticity of the server's certificate when Prometheus connects to the target over TLS. It helps ensure that the server's certificate is signed by a trusted authority.

The secret should be created in kube-system namespace and then the configmap/CRD should be created in kube-system namespace. The order of secret creation matters. When there's no secret but a valid CRD/config map, you will find errors in collector log -> `no file found for cert....`

Below are the details about how to provide the TLS config settings through a configmap or CRD.

> 1. To provide the TLS config setting in a configmap, please create the self-signed certificate and key inside /etc/prometheus/certs directory inside your mtls enabled app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To provide the TLS config setting in a configmap, please create the self-signed certificate and key inside /etc/prometheus/certs directory inside your mtls enabled app.
```

>         An example tlsConfig inside the config map should look like this below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        An example tlsConfig inside the config map should look like this:
```

```yaml
tls_config:
    ca_file: /etc/prometheus/certs/client-cert.pem
    cert_file: /etc/prometheus/certs/client-cert.pem
    key_file: /etc/prometheus/certs/client-key.pem
    insecure_skip_verify: false
```

> 2. To provide the TLS config setting in a CRD, please create the self-signed certificate and key inside /etc/prometheus/certs directory inside your mtls enabled app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To provide the TLS config setting in a CRD, please create the self-signed certificate and key inside /etc/prometheus/certs directory inside your mtls enabled app.
```

>     An example tlsConfig inside a Podmonitor should look like this below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    An example tlsConfig inside a Podmonitor should look like this:
```

```yaml
tlsConfig:
    ca:
        secret:
        key: "client-cert.pem" # since it is self-signed
        name: "ama-metrics-mtls-secret"
    cert:
        secret:
        key: "client-cert.pem"
        name: "ama-metrics-mtls-secret"
    keySecret:
        key: "client-key.pem"
        name: "ama-metrics-mtls-secret"
    insecureSkipVerify: false
```
> [!NOTE]

> > Please make sure that the certificate file name and key name inside the mtls app should be of the following format in case of a CRD based scraping.
>     For example: secret_kube-system_ama-metrics-mtls-secret_cert-name.pem and secret_kube-system_ama-metrics-mtls-secret_key-name.pem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Make sure that the certificate file name and key name inside the mtls app is in the following format in case of a CRD based scraping.
    For example: secret_kube-system_ama-metrics-mtls-secret_cert-name.pem and secret_kube-system_ama-metrics-mtls-secret_key-name.pem.
```

> > The CRD needs to be be created in kube-system namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The CRD needs to be created in kube-system namespace.
```

> The secret name should exactly be ama-metrics-mtls-secret in kube-system namespace. An example command for creating secret: kubectl create secret generic ama-metrics-mtls-secret --from-file=secret_kube-system_ama-metrics-mtls-secret_client-cert.pem=secret_kube-system_ama-metrics-mtls-secret_client-cert.pem --from-file=secret_kube-system_ama-metrics-mtls-secret_client-key.pem=secret_kube-system_ama-metrics-mtls-secret_client-key.pem -n kube-system

To read more on TLS authentication, the following documents might be helpful.

> 1. Generating TLS certificates -> https://o11y.eu/blog/prometheus-server-tls/
> 2. Configurations -> https://prometheus.io/docs/alerting/latest/configuration/#tls_config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Generating TLS certificates -> https://o11y.eu/blog/prometheus-server-tls/
- Configurations -> https://prometheus.io/docs/alerting/latest/configuration/#tls_config
```
